I have directories that contain photographs in jpg and other photo formats.  Sometimes I have a jpg and raw format file of the same image.  The directories these files are in typically have names that give a clue to the event that they are associated with.  Build me an application with a web ui that is database backed.  The App should allow me to manage root level directories that contain images.  Managing them means scanning the directories and cataloging the files.  Most files have exif or dates on the files.  For date management I would prefer the exif information.  The app should include data about each file including basic exif information and where it is located within the managed directories.  The app should also build thumbnails of the files.  Files should have some kind of crc/hash so we can determine duplicates as there maybe plenty of places in the directories where I have copied the same images more than once.  The ui should allow me to browse the images either by the way they are literally laid out or by year month day.  The ui should show me either the thumbnail or let me click on that thumbnail and see the actual file.  Further The ui should show me where files are duplicated and let me easily see where all the source locations are.  The ui should share also basic exif info.  The ui shold offer some kind of infinite scroll so not to require explicit pagination or blowing out the memory of the browser.  The app should also support rescanning of directories to ensure that files in the database do not drift and to support when I add new files to directories or perhaps remove duplicates.  You can build this tool in swift and should be for the mac.   You can use whatever database you like but sqllite maybe not a bad choice for this.  For the thumbnails you can manage these in a thumbnails directory that is part of the service configuration. The ui should be hierarchical so when in directory mode the UI should be structured with a tree following the directory structure.  When in date mode it should be hierarchical in the form of year/month/ day

